chore: rework on Nx Cache and Doc (#2338)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Linters configuration](./packages/@o3r/eslint-config-otter/README.md)
- [Component generator](./packages/@o3r/core/README.md#generators) (and more)

> ### Accelerate you build thanks to Nx Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accelerate your build thanks to Nx Cloud
```

[Nx Cloud](https://nx.dev/nx-cloud) offers a way to accelerate the build of your project locally thanks to [Remote Cache](https://nx.dev/ci/features/remote-cache).

> To be able to benefice of this feature you will need to process to the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to benefit from this feature, you will need to perform the following steps:
```

Reviewer: not resolved

Author: My bad :S

> 1. Create a an account on [Nx Cloud App](https://cloud.nx.app/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an account on [Nx Cloud App](https://cloud.nx.app/)
```

> 2. Create a Personal Access Token on [Profile page](https://cloud.nx.app/profile/tokens).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a Personal Access Token on [profile page](https://cloud.nx.app/profile/tokens).
```
maybe?

> 3. Create locally a **NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** Environment Variable with your previously generated PAT *(example on Linux: `export NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=xxxxxxx`)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a local a environment variable **NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** with your previously generated PAT *(example on Linux: `export NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=xxxxxxx`)*
```

> 3. Create a local a environment variable **NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** with your previously generated PAT *(example on Linux: `export NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=xxxxxxx`)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a local environment variable **NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** with your previously generated PAT *(example on Linux: `export NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=xxxxxxx`)*
```

> When building (`yarn build`) the project on `main` (or other `release/*`) branch, the Remote Cache will be download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building (`yarn build`) the project on `main` (or other `release/*`) branch, the Remote Cache will be downloaded.
```

> When building (`yarn build`) the project on `main` (or other `release/*`) branch, the Remote Cache will be downloaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When building (`yarn build`) the project on the `main` branch (or another `release/*` branch), the remote cache will be downloaded.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This feature is available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, Nx Cloud Account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud.

Reviewer 3: "if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud." I'm not sure I understand what that part means

> > This feature is available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, Nx Cloud Account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud.

Author: <img width="355" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e58580b-0f97-4878-9e73-a498b3f7ebd7">
Use the "login with Github" button to register to Nx Cloud

> > This feature is available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, Nx Cloud Account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This feature is available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, the Nx Cloud account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud.
```

> > This feature is available only for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, Nx Cloud Account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to registered to Nx Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is only available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, Nx Cloud Account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud.
```

- [Linters configuration](./packages/@o3r/eslint-config-otter/README.md)
- [Component generator](./packages/@o3r/core/README.md#generators) (and more)

### Accelerate your build thanks to Nx Cloud

[Nx Cloud](https://nx.dev/nx-cloud) offers a way to accelerate the build of your project locally thanks to [Remote Cache](https://nx.dev/ci/features/remote-cache).

To be able to benefit from this feature, you will need to perform the following steps:

1. Create an account on [Nx Cloud App](https://cloud.nx.app/)
2. Create a Personal Access Token on [profile page](https://cloud.nx.app/profile/tokens).
3. Create a local environment variable **NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN** with your previously generated PAT *(example on Linux: `export NX_CLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN=xxxxxxx`)*

When building (`yarn build`) the project on the `main` branch (or another `release/*` branch), the remote cache will be downloaded.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This feature is available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, the Nx Cloud account should be created with a `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on Github if the Github account is used to register to Nx Cloud.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> This feature is available for `@amadeus.com` email addresses, the Nx Cloud account should be created with an `@amadeus.com` email or it should be set as **main email** on GitHub if the GitHub account is used to register to Nx Cloud.
```
